feat: add default and create permissions to newly created notes (#2590)
hedgedoc/hedgedoc: docs/content/config/index.md

| `HD_FORBIDDEN_NOTE_IDS`                  | -       | `notAllowed, alsoNotAllowed`      | A list of note ids (separated by `,`), that are not allowed to be created or requested by anyone.                                                                                                                         |
| `HD_MAX_DOCUMENT_LENGTH`                 | 100000  |                                   | The maximum length of any one document. Changes to this will impact performance for your users.                                                                                                                           |
| `HD_GUEST_ACCESS`                        | `write` | `deny`, `read`, `write`, `create` | Defines the maximum access level for guest users to the instance. If guest access is set lower than the "everyone" permission of a note then the note permission will be overridden.                                      |

> | `HD_PERMISSION_LOGGED_IN_DEFAULT_ACCESS` | `write` | `none, read, write`               | The default permission for logged-in users that is set on new notes                                                                                                                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `HD_PERMISSION_LOGGED_IN_DEFAULT_ACCESS` | `write` | `none, read, write`               | The default permission for the "logged-in" group that is set on new notes.                                                                                                                                                       |
```

Using the term "group" in the docs avoids confusion whether "logged-in users" means users that created a note or users that later access it.

Author: fixed

> | `HD_PERMISSION_EVERYONE_DEFAULT_ACCESS`  | `read`  | `none, read, write`               | The default permission for everyone (logged-in & non-logged-in users) that is set on new notes. This is only applied on notes that are created by logged in users. Notes created by guests are always writable by guests. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `HD_PERMISSION_EVERYONE_DEFAULT_ACCESS`  | `read`  | `none, read, write`               | The default permission for the "everyone" group (logged-in & guest users), that is set on new notes created by logged-in users. Notes created by guests always set this to "write". |
```

Author: changed

If the renderer is provided by another domain, it's way harder to manipulate HedgeDoc or steal credentials from the rendered note content, because renderer and editor are more isolated. This increases the security of the software and greatly mitigates [XSS attacks](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-site_scripting). However, you can run HedgeDoc without this extra security, but we recommend using it if possible.

## Notes

| environment variable              | default | example                      | description                                                                                       |
|-----------------------------------|---------|------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `HD_FORBIDDEN_NOTE_IDS`           | -       | `notAllowed, alsoNotAllowed` | A list of note ids (separated by `,`), that are not allowed to be created or requested by anyone. |
| `HD_MAX_DOCUMENT_LENGTH`          | 100000  |                              | The maximum length of any one document. Changes to this will impact performance for your users.   |

> | `HD_DEFAULT_PERMISSION_EVERYONE`  | read    | `none, read, write`          | The default permission for everyone that is set on new notes                                      |

Reviewer: The description here sounds confusing to me, maybe use

```suggestion
| `HD_DEFAULT_PERMISSION_EVERYONE`  | read    | `none, read, write`          | The default permission for all users (logged-in & non-logged-in) that is set on new notes                                      |
```

|-------------------------------------------|---------|------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `HD_FORBIDDEN_NOTE_IDS`                   | -       | `notAllowed, alsoNotAllowed` | A list of note ids (separated by `,`), that are not allowed to be created or requested by anyone.                                                                                                                         |
| `HD_MAX_DOCUMENT_LENGTH`                  | 100000  |                              | The maximum length of any one document. Changes to this will impact performance for your users.                                                                                                                           |

> | `HD_EVERYONE_ACCESS_ALLOWED`              | true    | `true`, `false`              | This controls if general access by everyone is allowed or not. This shuts down the whole everyone feature in general.                                                                                                     |

Reviewer: Actually, a tri-state value is not enough. As explained in https://github.com/hedgedoc/hedgedoc/issues/856#issuecomment-782896570 we actually need four states to describe guest access:
- deny: no guest access
- read: guests can read notes that allow guest access, but not edit them or create new notes
- write: guests can read or edit notes that have the respective permission, but not create new notes
- create: guests can read or edit notes that have the respective permission and create new notes

> | `HD_EVERYONE_ACCESS_ALLOWED`              | true    | `true`, `false`              | This controls if general access by everyone is allowed or not. This shuts down the whole everyone feature in general.                                                                                                     |

Reviewer: The config documentation should also state that the option only controls the global maximum permission for guests and that individual notes must still give the respective permission.

> | `HD_EVERYONE_ACCESS_ALLOWED`              | true    | `true`, `false`              | This controls if general access by everyone is allowed or not. This shuts down the whole everyone feature in general.                                                                                                     |

Reviewer 2: Regarding "Everyone" we had the same thought last time. See https://github.com/hedgedoc/hedgedoc/pull/2654

> | `HD_EVERYONE_ACCESS_ALLOWED`              | true    | `true`, `false`              | This controls if general access by everyone is allowed or not. This shuts down the whole everyone feature in general.                                                                                                     |

Reviewer 2: The application won't start if you set `HD_EVERYONE_ACCESS_ALLOWED=false` + `HD_PERMISSION_EVERYONE_CAN_CREATE_NOTES=true`. And we won't be able to eliminate all combinations that are nonsense.
Example: You can set `HD_PERMISSION_GUEST_ACCESS` to `deny` but `HD_PERMISSION_DEFAULT_ACCESS_GUEST` to `write` which doesn't make sense. We can either accept this, write a warning or crash the application.

> | `HD_EVERYONE_ACCESS_ALLOWED`              | true    | `true`, `false`              | This controls if general access by everyone is allowed or not. This shuts down the whole everyone feature in general.                                                                                                     |

Reviewer 2: But I'm more of a fan of multiple-state variables than crashing the app.

> | `HD_EVERYONE_ACCESS_ALLOWED`              | true    | `true`, `false`              | This controls if general access by everyone is allowed or not. This shuts down the whole everyone feature in general.                                                                                                     |

Author: After some discussion we'll build the mentioned quad-state and basically have 3 variables:
- `HD_GUEST_ACCESS`
- `HD_PERMISSION_DEFAULT_EVERYONE`
- `HD_PERMISSION_DEFAULT_LOGGED_IN`
